Add cilium information and fix canal link (#134)
k3s-io/docs: docs/installation/network-options.md

You should see that IP forwarding is set to true.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Cilium" default>

> When nuking your k3s cluster, before running `k3s-killall.sh` or `k3s-uninstall.sh`, manually remove cilium_host, cilium_net and cilium_vxlan interfaces:

Reviewer: Put the consequences of failure up here, before the example command.
```suggestion
When before running `k3s-killall.sh` or `k3s-uninstall.sh`, you must manually remove the`cilium_host`, `cilium_net` and `cilium_vxlan` interfaces. If you fail to do this, you may loose network connectivity to the host when K3s is stopped.
```

Author: thanks

```bash
ip link delete cilium_host
ip link delete cilium_net
ip link delete cilium_vxlan
```

> 
> Otherwise, your host network will hang and you will losa connectivity
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
